#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.6
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.12
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anthropic==0.46.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
anyio==4.8.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   httpx
    #   openai
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via ragas
attr==0.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via streamlit
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   streamlit
contourpy==1.3.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
datasets==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ragas
decorator==5.1.1
    # via moviepy
deepl==1.21.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via ragas
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
feedparser==6.0.11
    # via langchain-teddynote
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
fonttools==4.56.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via streamlit
googleapis-common-protos==1.68.0
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.70.0
    # via pinecone-client
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   tavily-python
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.29.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imageio==2.37.0
    # via moviepy
imageio-ffmpeg==0.6.0
    # via moviepy
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
jiter==0.8.2
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   openai
joblib==1.4.2
    # via nltk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwipiepy==0.20.3
    # via langchain-teddynote
kiwipiepy-model==0.20.0
    # via kiwipiepy
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
langchain==0.3.19
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-teddynote
    #   ragas
langchain-community==0.3.18
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   ragas
langchain-core==0.3.37
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-experimental
    #   langchain-ollama
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   ragas
langchain-experimental==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-ollama==0.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-openai==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ragas
langchain-teddynote==0.3.42
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
langgraph==0.2.74
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-teddynote
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.16
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.53
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.8
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lz4==4.4.3
    # via pinecone-client
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib==3.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mmh3==4.1.0
    # via pinecone-text
moviepy==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==1.27.1
    # via altair
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ragas
nltk==3.9.1
    # via pinecone-text
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   imageio
    #   kiwipiepy
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   matplotlib
    #   moviepy
    #   pandas
    #   pinecone-text
    #   pydeck
    #   ragas
    #   rank-bm25
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
olefile==0.47
    # via langchain-teddynote
ollama==0.4.7
    # via langchain-ollama
openai==1.63.2
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-teddynote
    #   ragas
orjson==3.10.15
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   langchain-teddynote
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   moviepy
    #   pdf2image
    #   streamlit
pinecone-client[grpc]==5.0.1
    # via langchain-teddynote
pinecone-plugin-inference==1.1.0
    # via pinecone-client
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pinecone-plugin-inference
pinecone-text==0.9.0
    # via langchain-teddynote
proglog==0.1.10
    # via moviepy
propcache==0.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==4.25.6
    # via
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   pinecone-client
    #   protoc-gen-openapiv2
    #   streamlit
protoc-gen-openapiv2==0.0.1
    # via pinecone-client
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   streamlit
pydantic==2.10.6
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   ollama
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   ragas
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.1
    # via langchain-community
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pydub==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   moviepy
    #   pinecone-text
    #   pydantic-settings
pytube==15.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
ragas==0.2.13
    # via -r requirements.in
rank-bm25==0.2.2
    # via langchain-teddynote
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   deepl
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   pinecone-text
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   tavily-python
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.23.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via transformers
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.38
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
streamlit==1.42.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tavily-python==0.5.1
    # via langchain-teddynote
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   ragas
    #   tavily-python
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.4.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kiwipiepy
    #   nltk
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   proglog
    #   transformers
transformers==4.49.0
    # via -r requirements.in
types-requests==2.32.0.20241016
    # via pinecone-text
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anthropic
    #   anyio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typing-inspect
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
wget==3.2
    # via pinecone-text
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
networkx==3.4.2
faiss-cpu==1.10.0
